If you're managing versioning by branching your code base and using a
load balancer or proxy server to direct traffic,
each application will simply have its own Swagger UI. Since the
documentation is generated from the code,
any changes in each version will be reflected in the
documentation for that version.
If you haven't watched it already,
I recommend the Spring Framework: Versioning Spring Data REST APIs course for a
discussion of different versioning strategies for your API.
When you're working with a versioned API,
you can utilize path selectors in the Docket object to
restrict the generated documentation to certain endpoints
based on the path of the endpoint.
For example,
this Docket object contains a PathSelector that is filtering on an ant
pattern of any endpoints that start with v2. By default,
all paths are included, but by adding PathSelectors,
you can restrict what appears in your documentation.
Let's look at an example of two versions of an application,
each with their own Swagger UI. We'll also incorporate PathSelectors to only
generate documentation for a given pattern of endpoints.
If you were using URI versioning with the basePath
configuration, we'd set this for v1 for version 1.
Then in the Docket of our Configuration class,
we would put a PathSelector that is only looking for v1 URIs. In our ApiInfo,
we have version 1.0. In the Swagger UI, we can see Employee API
1.0. Then if we expand the Employee Entity,
we can see all of the v1 endpoints, and same with the example‑service.
If we switched to the version 2 branch of the project,
we can see the basePath is set to v2, and the Docket has a PathSelector
looking for v2. The ApiInfo has also been updated with a version
property of 2.0. When we look at the Swagger UI, we can see Employee API
2.0. Then when we expand the entities,
we can see all of the v2 paths under the Employee Entity
and the v2 path for the example‑service.
If you're managing your versions by branching your code base and
deploying two separate apps behind a load balancer, each
application will simply have its own Swagger UI that will stay up to date with that code base.